well this is a pretty serious headline
so Tesla recalls all 4,000 cyber trucks
they've ever made due to a faulty
accelerator pedal but the story behind
it is also kind of strange so here this
is the accelerator pedal of the Tesla
cyber truck apparently there's a an
unapproved change to the adhesive
holding the pedal to the pad that it's
on so some extra soap or something like
that so if you hit the pedal hard enough
it could become unstuck now I guess it's
not the end of the world but actually if
you look up here in the footwall of the
truck this shelf's angle here is
unfortunately the perfect angle that if
the pedal does happen to get unstuck and
somebody actually showed this it
actually pins down the whole accelerator
pedal at 100% throttle so this goes from
being a pretty annoying build quality
issue to a pretty serious safety issue
that's going to need to be fixed but PSA
if you do actually have a cyber truck
the brake pedal does override that
accelerator but also definitely take it
to the service center because